docs: Update DG NFRs and Use cases (#56)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T10-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

| Priority | As a …​                                    | I want to …​                     | So that I can…​                                                        |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `* * *`  | new user                                   | see help instructions          | refer to documentation to understand the existing features effectively |
| `* * *`  | user                                       | add a new person               |                                                                        |
| `* * *`  | user                                       | delete a person                | remove entries that I no longer need                                   |
| `* * *`  | event planner                              | delete all contacts            | efficiently restart or declutter my addressbook                        |

> | `* * *`  | event planner                              | editTask                       | ensure task details are up-to-date with latest information             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `* * *`  | event planner                              | edit a task                    | ensure task details are up-to-date with latest information             |
```

> | `* * *`  | event planner                              | deleteTask                     | remove tasks that are no longer relevant                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `* * *`  | event planner                              | delete a task                  | remove tasks that are no longer relevant                               |
```

      Use case resumes at step 2.

**Use case: UC01 - See help instructions**

**MSS**

1. User requests for help.

> 2. AddressBook shows the help instructions, with a link to user guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. CoordiMate shows the help instructions, with a link to user guide.
```

Author: Copilot moment

3. User clicks on the link to user guide.

    Use case ends.

**Use case: UC07 - Delete all existing contacts**

**MSS**

1. User requests to delete all contacts.
2. CoordiMate shows a confirmation message.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps you could add a step about the user accepts the confirmation message and another step about CoordiMate deleting all contacts.

Author: Is this an intended feature? The confirmation message here is more of a "receipt" after the deletion, rather than a confirmation prompt.

Reviewer: In that case, could you rephrase it to be more clear?
For example:

2. CoordiMate deletes all contacts and shows a success message.

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. User requests to list all contacts, to verify that all contacts are deleted.
    * 2a1. CoordiMate shows an empty contact list.

>       Use case ends.

Reviewer: I dont believe that this extension is necessary, as the listPersons use case would have already covered the case where the contact list is empty.

Author: It's more of an additional step to check that the tasks are deleted properly. I imagine many users would want to do this. I'm not sure what's worth adding in as an extension, wdyt?

Author: Decided to remove after discussion.

Reviewer 2: "Extensions are "add-on"s to the MSS that describe exceptional/alternative flow of events. They describe variations of the scenario that can happen if certain things are not as expected by the MSS. Extensions appear below the MSS." 
- from CS2103T website

So i think verifying is not really an alternative flow of events (more like an after flow). I think it'll be better to rephrase the extension to 
The list is empty . Use case ends 

But feel free to disagree - Wdyt

**Use case: UC10 - Edit a task**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list all tasks.
2. CoordiMate shows a list of tasks.
3. User requests to edit a specific task in the list with new details.
4. CoordiMate edits the task with the new details.

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is invalid.

>     * 3b1. CoordiMate shows an error message and prompts the user to enter a valid index.
>     * 3b2. User requests an edit with a valid index.
> 
>       Use case resumes at step 4.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could correct this numbering? 

Also, I think the use case should redirect back to step 3, as the user would need to enter the whole command again.

```suggestion
    * 3a1. CoordiMate shows an error message and prompts the user to enter a valid index.

      Use case resumes from step 3.
```

**Use case: UC12 - Delete a task**

**MSS**

1. User requests to list all tasks.
2. CoordiMate shows a list of tasks.
3. User requests to delete a specific task in the list.
4. CoordiMate deletes the task.

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is invalid.

>     * 3b1. CoordiMate shows an error message and prompts the user to enter a valid index.
>     * 3b2. User requests a deletion with a valid index.
> 
>       Use case resumes at step 4.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could correct this numbering? 

Also, I think the use case should redirect back to step 3, as the user would need to enter the whole command again.

```suggestion
    * 3a1. CoordiMate shows an error message and prompts the user to enter a valid index.

      Use case resumes from step 3.
```

*{More to be added}*

### Non-Functional Requirements

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.

> 2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could modify this NFR to include tasks as well?

```suggestion
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons and tasks without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
```
